1. CPIAUCSL : Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers: Seasonally Adjusted (CPI-U)
   Measures average change in prices of a basket of goods and services consumed by urban households.
   Higher the value, Higher the Inflation & Home Prices and vice versa.

2. CSUSHPISA : S&P Case-Shiller US National Home Price Index.
    Proxy for home prices (estimate of house prices)
    This is our target value.

3. FEDFUNDS : Effective Federal Funds Rate
    This is the rate at which commercial banks borrow and lend their excess reserves to each other overnight.
    Influences mortgage rates, directly affecting home prices.

4. GDP : Gross Domestic Product 
    Total value of goods and services produced within a country's borders
    Higher GDP = Higher Inflation = Higher Home Prices.

5. HOUST : Housing Starts
    No. of new residential construction projects begun during a period.
    High values = High Demand = High Prices, Vice versa

6. MCOILWTICO : Crude Oil Prices (West Texas)
    Added this as an experimental feature to observe any relation between crude oil and home prices.

7. MEHOINUSA672N: Median Household Income
    Middle values of Household incomes in the US
    High Income = High Purchase Power = High Home Price, vice versa.

8. MORTGAGE15US : 15 Years Fixed rate mortgage average
    average interest rates on 15 year fixed rate mortgages
    low mortgage = high purchase rate, vice versa

9. MORTGAGE30US : 
    30 Years Fixed rate mortgage average
    average interest rates on 30 year fixed rate mortgages
    low mortgage = high purchase rate, vice versa

10. POP : 
    Population in the US 
    High Population = High Demand = High Prices , vice versa.

11. UNRATE : 
    Unemployment Rate 
    Low Unemployment = High Purchase Power = High Prices, vice versa.



Note : Higher Inflation doesn't essentially mean Higher Home Price, 
       Higher Inflation may cripple the purchasing power of the consumers, leading to lower prices.
       But it is has a complex relation.
       